[Docs] Add faq in dev-1.x branch (#2765)
open-mmlab/mmsegmentation: docs/en/notes/faq.md

## How to know the number of GPUs needed to train the model

- Infer from the name of the config file of the model. You can refer to the `Config Name Style` part of [Learn about Configs](../user_guides/1_config.md). For example, for config file with name `segformer_mit-b0_8xb1-160k_cityscapes-1024x1024.py`, `8xb1` means training the model corresponding to it needs 8 GPUs, and the batch size of each GPU is 1.
- Infer from the log file. Open the log file of the model and search `nGPU` in the file. The number of figures following `nGPU` is the number of GPUs needed to train the model. For instance, searching for `nGPU` in the log file yields the record `nGPU 0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7`, which indicates that eight GPUs are needed to train the model.

## What does the auxiliary head mean

Briefly, it is a deep supervision trick to improve the accuracy. In the training phase, `decode_head` is for decoding semantic segmentation output, `auxiliary_head` is just adding an auxiliary loss, the segmentation result produced by it has no impact to your model's result, it just works in training. You may read this [paper](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1612.01105.pdf) for more information.

> ## How to output the image for painting the segmentation mask when running the test script
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to output the segmentation mask image when running the test script

```

> In the test script, we provide `show-dir` argument to control whether output the painted images. Users might run the following command:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the test script, we provide `--out` argument to control whether output the painted images. Users might run the following command:

```

    in_channels=128,
    in_index=3,
    num_classes=2,
    out_channels=2,
    loss_decode=dict(
        type='CrossEntropyLoss', use_sigmoid=False, loss_weight=0.4)),
```

- (2) `num_classes=2`, `out_channels=1` and `use_sigmoid=True` in `CrossEntropyLoss`.

```python
decode_head=dict(
    type='PSPHead',
    in_channels=64,
    in_index=4,
    num_classes=2,
    out_channels=1,
    loss_decode=dict(
        type='CrossEntropyLoss', use_sigmoid=True, loss_weight=1.0)),
auxiliary_head=dict(
    type='FCNHead',
    in_channels=128,
    in_index=3,
    num_classes=2,
    out_channels=1,
    loss_decode=dict(
        type='CrossEntropyLoss', use_sigmoid=True, loss_weight=0.4)),
```

## What does `reduce_zero_label` work for?

When [loading annotation](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmsegmentation/blob/master/mmseg/datasets/pipelines/loading.py#L91) in MMSegmentation, `reduce_zero_label (bool)` is provided to determine whether reduce all label value by 1:

```python
if self.reduce_zero_label:
    # avoid using underflow conversion
    gt_semantic_seg[gt_semantic_seg == 0] = 255
    gt_semantic_seg = gt_semantic_seg - 1
    gt_semantic_seg[gt_semantic_seg == 254] = 255
```

> **Noted:** Please pay attention to label numbers of dataset when using `reduce_zero_label`. If dataset only has two types of labels (i.e., label 0 and 1), it needs to close `reduce_zero_label`, i.e., set `reduce_zero_label=False`.

Reviewer: Please refer to https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmsegmentation/blob/dev-1.x/docs/zh_cn/notes/faq.md

> 

Reviewer 2: please add notes according to zh_cn faq
https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmsegmentation/blob/1896344e04ad3a919194b394d44da4e0b69d026b/docs/zh_cn/notes/faq.md?plain=1#L21-L25
